signals are given Jane Ryan has the
button gates are back racing in the
guineas and math tool tonight was the
first doubt padlock began well burnt
sugar fast away moved ahead settling
fourth on the outside of Zephyr US
three-quarters of a length to edge wad
and unorthodox is three-quarters of a
length away he drops out to the tail of
the seven as they move on to the course
proper and go past the 1400 meters Mac
birth sugar showing the way led by a
longneck over padlocked with a break of
a length and a half to move to hitch and
nectar maftoul on the outside a lengthen
accorded is there for us on the inside
of edge rod and an orthodox is having
trouble staying in touch
he's a further eight lengths away at the
rear of the field there in the first
quarter of the guineas in 25 flat and
heading towards the back bend and the
800 meters mark burnt sugar leads
narrowly from padlock on the outside
moved a hitch on the rail and Nick away
math to I linked him to half to Zephyr
us on the inside of Edgewood and to
break of five lengths to an Orthodox
there's been little change in the order
rolling past the 600 meters peg and
coming towards the bend in the UAE 2000
Gettysburg sugar in front of padlocked
math tool now peels out three wide to
make his claim warm up the heads got
through in the center they get away from
edge what and then Zephyr us moved to
hedge and math tool they come away now
with 300 meters left to go math tool on
the outside put his head in front moved
to hedges battling back it's math tool a
half lengths in frat Mook 2 hitches
responding he is not lying down math
tool in front moved the hedge is still
coming back at him but here's the post
and math tool wins the 2000 guineas by a
head to move to hitch 10 Lakes away
Edgewood then Zephyr Osbert sugar and
orthodoxson padlock last of all